README.md, before:

# D20

Just a small C# library for rolling dice.

## Contribute

**Contributions are very welcome.** Here are just some details to help keep things clean and nice:

### Commits and commit messages

- Keep commits small and specific
- Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
- Use the imperative mood ("Move file to..." not "Moves file to...")
- Limit the first line to 72 characters or less
- Do not reference issues/pull requests in commit messages
- Consider starting the commit message with an applicable emoji. For example:
    - :bug: `:bug:` - Bug fixes
    - :fire: `:fire:` - Removing code
    - :sparkles: `:sparkles:` - Adding a new feature
    - :construction: `:construction:` - Work in Progress
    - :racehorse: `:racehorse:` Improving performance
    - :lipstick: `:lipstick:` - Cosmetic changes to code style
    - :game_die: `:game_die:` - Changes to randomisation and rolling algorithms

### Pull Request Etiquette

Make pull requests for specific concerns and use clear titles and descriptions. It is your responsibility to make sure the branch is up to date with master or merges trivially. Feel free to make pull requests for work in progress features to ask for feedback.

## License

**Feel free to use this code as you like.** If you do, credit is appreciated, but not required.

If you do anything cool with it, I'd love to hear about it, so feel free to get in touch.

Commit message:

:construction: Update to dotnet 6 framework

README.md, after:

# D20

Just a small C# application / library for rolling dice.

## Usage

To use the application, run something like `./D20Roller 2d20+5`, which will give
```
parsed string as: 2d20+5
values: 7 to 45 (average: 26)
example rolls: 21, 25, 35, 22, 20, 44, 33, 34, 20, 30
```

## Contribute

**Contributions are very welcome.** Here are just some details to help keep things clean and nice:

### Commits and commit messages

- Keep commits small and specific
- Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
- Use the imperative mood ("Move file to..." not "Moves file to...")
- Limit the first line to 72 characters or less
- Do not reference issues/pull requests in commit messages
- Consider starting the commit message with an applicable emoji. For example:
    - :bug: `:bug:` - Bug fixes
    - :fire: `:fire:` - Removing code
    - :sparkles: `:sparkles:` - Adding a new feature
    - :construction: `:construction:` - Work in Progress
    - :racehorse: `:racehorse:` - Improving performance
    - :lipstick: `:lipstick:` - Cosmetic changes to code style
    - :game_die: `:game_die:` - Changes to randomisation and rolling algorithms

### Pull Request Etiquette

Make pull requests for specific concerns and use clear titles and descriptions. It is your responsibility to make sure the branch is up to date with master or merges trivially. Feel free to make pull requests for work in progress features to ask for feedback.

### Setup

Install the dotnet 6 SDK and run `dotnet build --configuration Release`.

## License

**Feel free to use this code as you like.** If you do, credit is appreciated, but not required.

If you do anything cool with it, I'd love to hear about it, so feel free to get in touch.
